1) Which gCP service below provides a direct physical connection between your GCP environment and your
on-premises network using gCP network co-locations?
A. Cloud VPN
B. Carrier Peering
c. Dedicated Interconnect
D. Partner Interconnect

Correct Answer: C
Cloud Interconnect provides low latency, highly available connections that enable you to reliably transfer data
between your on-premises and Virtual Private Cloud networks. Also, Cloud Interconnect connections provide l
1918 communication, which means internal (private) IP addresses are directly accessible from both networks.
Cloud Interconnect offers two options for extending your on-premises network. Google Cloud Interconnect -
Dedicated (Dedicated Interconnect) provides a direct physical connection between your on-premises network and
Google's network. Google Cloud Interconnect - Partner (Partner Interconnect) provides connectivity between your
on-premises and CP VPC networks through a supported service provider.
-----------------------------------------
2) Steve is the cloud admin for Blue Widget Corp. He has been asked to configure a Kubernetes-hosted
app so that it can be accessed internally by the KE cluster. It will NOT be accessed from the public
internet. Which service is suitable for exposing an internal IP address for apps that do not need to be
accessed from the public internet?
A. NodePort
B. ClusterIP
C. LoadBalancer
D. ExternalName

Correct Answer: B
ClusterIP services expose an internal IP address for apps that do not need to be accessed from the public
internet. NodePort services expose the node's IP address on a specific port. LoadBalancer and
ExternalName services both work closely with your cloud provider. The former works with your provider's
load balancer resources to expose a set of pods while the latter returns a NAME record based a DNS name
of your choosing.
-----------------------------------------
3) Which of the following Kubernetes controllers should be used for maintenance operations that must run
with exactly one pod running on each node?
A. DaemonSet
B. ReplicaSet
C. StatefulSet
D. Deployment

Correct Answer: A
DaemonSets attempt to adhere to a one-Pod-per-node model, either across the entire cluster or a
subset of nodes. As you add nodes to a node pool, DaemonSets automatically add Pods to the new
nodes as needed.
----------------------------------
4) You want to configure autohealing for network load balancing for a group of Compute Engine instances that
run in multiple zones, using the fewest possible steps.
You need to configure re-creation of VMs if they are unresponsive after 3 attempts of 10 seconds each. What
should you do?
A. Create an HTTP load balancer with a backend configuration that references an
existing instance group. Set the health check to healthy (HTTP)
B. Create an HTTP load balancer with a backend configuration that references an
existing instance group. Define a balancing mode and set the maximum RPS to 10.
C. Create a managed instance group. Set the Autohealing health check to healthy
(HTTP)
D. Create a managed instance group. Verify that the autoscaling setting is on.

Correct Answer: C
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/tutorials/high-availability-autohealing
-----------------------------------
5) Jennifer is the cloud admin for the Blue Widget Corp. She has been asked to deploy a Kubernetes cluster
so that the organizaton can perform some testing of a containerized app. After creating the cluster, her
teams begins testing. Thirty days later, Jennifer's team informs her the the cluster appears to have been
deleted. Nobody on the team has deleted the cluster. What is likely the cause of this?
A. Jennifer deployed a private cluster with a 30-day
window
B. Jennifer deployed a zonal cluster
C. Jennifer deployed a dev cluster
D. Jennifer deployed an alpha cluster

Correct Answer: D
Alpha clusters expire after thirty days and do not receive security updates. You must migrate your
data from alpha clusters before they expire. GKE does not automatically save data stored on alpha
clusters.
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/alpha-clusters
------------------------------------
6) You are deploying an application to App Engine. You want the number of instances to scale based on
request rate. You need at least 3 unoccupied instances at all times. Which scaling type should you use?
A. Manual Scaling with 3 instances.
B. Basic Scaling with min instances set to 3.
C. Basic Scaling with max_instances set to 3.
D. Automatic Scaling with min_idle_instances set to 3.

Correct Answer: D
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/how-instances-are-managed
------------------------------------
7) As the GCP admin in your organization, you need to perform some tasks using the Google Cloud SDK,
using your Windows 10 workstation. To begin using the SDK on your workstation, you've created a Google
Cloud Platform project, downloaded the Google Cloud SDK installer, and completed the installation.
At this point, you need to initialize the SDK. Which command do you use to complete this task?
A. initialize cloud
B. gcloud init
C. gcloud start
D. start gcloud
Correct Answer: B
To begin using the SDK on a local Windows workstation, you must first cate a Google Cloud Platform
project, if you don't have one already. You then need to download the Google Cloud SDK installer and
complete the installation.
After the installation completes, you must initialize the SDK, using the cloud init command.
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/quickstart-windows
--------------------------------
8) Every employee of your company has a Google account. Your operational team needs to manage a large
number of instances on Compute Engine. Each member of this team needs only administrative access to the
servers. Your security team wants to ensure that the deployment of credentials is operationally efficient and
must be able to determine who accessed a given instance. What should you do?
A. Generate a new SSH key pair. Give the private key to each member of your team.
Configure the public key in the metadata of each instance.
B. Ask each member of the team to generate a new SSH key pair and to send you their
public key. Use a configuration management tool to deploy those keys on each instance.
C. Ask each member of the team to generate a new SSH key pair and to add the public
key to their Google account. Grant the compute.osAdminLogin role to the Google group
corresponding to this team.
D. Generate a new SSH key pair. Give the private key to each member of your team, for preeise see
Configure the public key as a project-wide public SSH key in your Cloud Platf
and allow project-wide public SSH keys on each instance.
Correct Answer: C
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/managing-instance-access
---------------------------------
9) Jennifer is the cloud admin for Blue Widget Corp. She has been asked to build out a cloud application in
GCP that leverages the serverless architecture model. Which CP service will be of most interest to her?
A. Compute Engine
B. Kubernetes Engine
C. App Engine
D. Direct Peering
Correct Answer: C
The App Engine standard environment makes it easy to build and deploy an application that runs reliably
even under heavy load and with large amounts of data.
Applications run in a secure, sandboxed environment, allowing the App Engine standard environment to
distribute requests across multiple servers, and scaling servers to meet traffic demands. Your application
runs within its own secure, reliable environment that is independent of the hardware, operating system,
or physical location of the server.
https://cloud.google.com/appengine
------------------------------------
10) You are using multiple configurations for cloud. You want to review the configured Kubernetes Engine
cluster of an inactive configuration using the fewest possible steps. What should you do?
A. Use cloud config configurations describe to review the output.
B. Use cloud config configurations activate and cloud config list to review the
output.
C. Use kubectl config get-contexts to review the output.
D. Use kubectl config use-context and kubectl config view to review the output.
Correct Answer: D
https://medium.com/google-cloud/kubernetes-engine-kubectl-config-b6270d2b656c
-----------------------------------
11) When using Google BigQuery, which of the following best describes the pricing models? Choose
two options.
A. Flat-rate pricing
B. Monthly subscription tiers for processing more than
   500 terabytes per month
C. On-demand pricing
D. Capacity-pricing

Correct Answer: C
On-demand pricing (per TB). With this pricing model, you are charged for the num
processed by each query. The first 1 TB of query data processed per month is free
Capacity pricing (per slot-hour). With this pricing model, you are charged for comp
run queries, measured in slots (virtual CPUs) over time. This model takes advantag
editions. You can leverage the BigQuery autoscaler or purchase slot commitments
capacity that is always available for your workloads, at a lower price.
https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/pricing#queries

12) Dana, the junior cloud admin, has been asked to deploy a virtual machine on the GCP platform. Which
images below can Dana use to deploy her VM?
A. Public image
B. Custom image
C. Container image
D. None of these

Correct Answer: ABC
Dana can deploy a VM from a public, custom, or container image. There is no hybrid image option for
Google. Hybrid refers to the multi-cloud infrastructure to deploy a single application system across multiple
sites. These different sites could be different public clouds (multi-cloud) or a combination of public and on-
premises data centers (hybrid cloud).
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images

13) You need to create a custom VPC with a single subnet. The subnet's range must be as large as
possible. Which range should you use?
A. A. 0.0.0.0/0
B. B. 10.0.0.0/8
C. C. 172.16.0.0/12
D. D. 192.168.0.0/16
Correct Answer: B

14) To configure Stackdriver to monitor a web server and notify you if it goes down, what steps do you need
to take? (Choose 2 answers)
A. Install the Stackdriver Monitoring Agent on the web server
B. Create an uptime check
C. Create an alerting policy
D. Install the Operations Monitoring Logging Agent on the web server
Correct Answer: BC
Uptime checks verify that your web server is always accessible. The alerting policy controls who is
notified if the uptime checks should fail.
You don't need to install the Operations Suite to get downtime alerts. The agent provides additional
information, but it's not required. The Operations Monitoring Logging Agent is for additional logging, not
for alerts.
Using the Monitoring agent is optional. Operations Monitoring can access some metrics without the
Monitoring agent, including CPU utilization, some disk traffic metrics, network traffic, and uptime
information. [https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/agent/#purpose]
Full screen (f)
https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/monitor-compute-engine-virtual-machine

15) Your company uses Cloud Storage to store application backup files for disaster recovery purposes. You
want to follow Google's recommended practices. Which storage option should you use?
A. Multi-Regional Storage
B. Regional Storage
C. Nearline Storage
D. Coldline Storage
Correct Answer: D
https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/storage-classes#nearline

16) Steve is a cloud admin at the Blue Widget Company. He's been asked to deploy a public-facing web
application. Jen, who is Steve's manager, doesn't want to deploy any more hardware, infrastructure, or
services than are absolutely necessary. Which service should Steve use to host the web application?
A. Compute Engine
B. App Engine
C. Kubernetes Engine
D. None of the Above
Correct Answer: B
https://cloud.google.com/appengine

17) You want to select and configure a cost-effective solution for relational data on Google Cloud
Platform. You are working with a small set of operational data in one geographic location. You need to
support point-in-time recovery. What should you do?
A. Select Cloud SQL (MySQL). Verify that the enable
binary logging option is selected.
B. Select Cloud SQL (MySQL). Select the create failover
replicas option.
C. Select Cloud Spanner. Set up your instance with 2
nodes.
D. Select Cloud Spanner. Set up your instance as multi-
regional.
Correct Answer: A

https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/backup-recovery/restore
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/backup-recovery/backups

18) Dave is junior cloud admin at the Blue Widget Corp. He's been asked to review the logs to identify
which user created the APP01 virtual machine in GCP. Which audit log should Dave review?
A. data access logs
B. system events logs
c. admin activity logs
D. None of the Above
Correct Answer: C
Admin Activity audit logs contain log entries for API calls or other administrative actions that modify
the configuration or metadata of resources. For example, these logs record when users create VM
instances or change Cloud Identity and Access Management permissions.
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/

19) Several employees at your company have been creating projects with Cloud Platform and paying for it
with their personal credit cards, which the company reimburses. The company wants to centralize all these
projects under a single, new billing account. What should you do?
A. Contact cloud-billing@google.com with your bank account details and request a corporate billing
account for your company.
B. Create a ticket with Google Support and wait for their call to share your credit card details over
the phone.
C. In the Google Platform Console, go to the Resource Manage and move all projects to the root
Organizarion.
D. In the Google Cloud Platform Console, create a new billing account and set up a payment
method.
Correct Answer: D
https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/manage-billing-account#create_a_new_billing_account

20) After an incident at Blue Widget Corp, where a user deleted some resources accidentally, corporate leaders
are now demanding that users only have the exact access and management privileges that they need. What
tool (or service) will allow Steve, as the administrator, enforce this doctrine of "least privilege"?
A. Role-Based Access Control
B. GCP Cloud Identity and Access Management
C. Assigning Liens
D. GCP Trust and Security
Correct Answer: B
Using Cloud Identity and Access Management (IAM), you can follow the principle of least privilege
and limit the permissions granted to any particular user to the minimum necessary
https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview